README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
    <img src="src/commonMain/resources/F.svg" alt="Logo" width="100" height="100">
</h1>
<br />

<details>
<summary>Screenshots</summary>
<br>

|                                  Desktop                                |                                 Mobile PWA                                  |
| :-------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/QKwk4lp.png)" title="Home Page" width="100%"> | <img src="https://i.imgur.com/u2KQZHi.png" title="Login Page" width="100%"> |

</details>

### Built With

 - [Kotlin MP](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/multiplatform.html)
 - [KTor](https://github.com/ktorio/ktor)
 - [Faker](https://github.com/serpro69/kotlin-faker)

 - [WebSockets](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSockets_API)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

 - Java 8+

## Usage

### Server

Execute `build/install/filetap/bin/filetap` or `build/install/filetap/bin/filetap.bat`, depending on your system, to start the server.

### User

When you access the site, `http://localhost:8000` by default, you will get a random name after connecting to the server.
This name consists of a random color and animal. This your temporary name.

To send a package, the sender needs to input the temporary name of the recipient in the `Recipient` field.
After selecting a file, by clicking the box, the sender can click `Send` to send the package and information to the server.

The Server will then hold the package and asked the recipient to accept the package. Once accepted, the recipient will be downloading the delivered package.

## Diagram

This is the *approximate* Sequence Diagram, to model the information flow.

![mermaid](mermaid-diagram-20220427140832.png)

## License

This project is licensed under the **GNU General Public License v3**.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

Commit message:

add build section to readme

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
    <img src="src/commonMain/resources/F.svg" alt="Logo" width="100" height="100">
</h1>
<br />

<details>
<summary>Screenshots</summary>
<br>

|                                  Desktop                                |                                 Mobile PWA                                  |
| :-------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/QKwk4lp.png)" title="Home Page" width="100%"> | <img src="https://i.imgur.com/u2KQZHi.png" title="Login Page" width="100%"> |

</details>

### Built With

 - [Kotlin MP](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/multiplatform.html)
 - [KTor](https://github.com/ktorio/ktor)
 - [Faker](https://github.com/serpro69/kotlin-faker)

 - [WebSockets](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSockets_API)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

 - Java 8+

## Usage

### Build

You can install [Devfile](https://github.com/Sett17/Devfile) and use the existing scripts in [`Devfile`](/Devfile) 
to build the project and do other tasks, like renewing the cache or building the service worker.

*NOTE: To use the `cache` or `sw` operations, you may need to install other specific tools*

*NOTE2: The `deploy` operation is specific to my deployment environment*

If you wish to no use Devfile, you can execute the gradle task `stage` with the argument `-PisProduction` E.g:
```bash
gradlew.bat stage -PisProduction
```

### Server

Execute `build/install/filetap/bin/filetap` or `build/install/filetap/bin/filetap.bat`, depending on your system, to start the server.

### User

When you access the site, `http://localhost:8000` by default, you will get a random name after connecting to the server.
This name consists of a random color and animal. This your temporary name.

To send a package, the sender needs to input the temporary name of the recipient in the `Recipient` field.
After selecting a file, by clicking the box, the sender can click `Send` to send the package and information to the server.

The Server will then hold the package and asked the recipient to accept the package. Once accepted, the recipient will be downloading the delivered package.

## Diagram

This is the *approximate* Sequence Diagram, to model the information flow.

![mermaid](mermaid-diagram-20220427140832.png)

## License

This project is licensed under the **GNU General Public License v3**.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.
